I mean, we are entering
[music]
famine. We are reaching a point where people are starting to gather
together in order to
eat. The children of Palestine have tasted it, and I see that the war has remained. I mean, if one
of the children of the world lives, he will feel that this
day
has passed his life.
[Music] It's
all from here,
Dad, about us, Netanyahu, when he calms down. Of course,
Basir Hussein was raised.  I feel that there will no longer be a place for us because
it is Rafah, but what remains is ours.
Oh, of course, Hanmar is with
Rafah. Of course, your life before the war was
very nice. I used to go to school,
my friends and I would go to the sea. Since I was young, I did not
love and I loved to do anything.
[Music]
Something, I walk, my son, I walk, I hold my pants and I
walk in them. These are my pants, which remained in the
56 camp. They called me Newton.
[Music]
Gaza, take
a bag, give it. Oh, you liked it. I mean,
we didn't work
well. I invented a wire lock, and the last invention, I mean,
was
this [music] fan.  The fan with the wind energy, with a
speed that is comfortable, it is
damaged, it is damaged, it generates energy for us, so
the energy that is generated passes through the wires
and descends into the
tent, lighting up
[music] The
tent entertains us in the first place in many things in
the heat, and we have known many types of airplanes and weights in
war. The
safe corridors we have known in war.
Hayman Al-Hah
It means that you are running into a
decomposing corpse while you are displaced, as if you are escaping from a
ghost city. It is definitely a very scary feeling that it might
happen to us like what happened in this jet. It
means, for example, that I am sleeping, so I cover
my face out of fear, and it means that I am intoxicated and did not hear.  The sound of
the bomber sleeping,
good night, in fear that at any moment, this
force could fall in the tent, burning the whole
tent. While we are sleeping, at night, it
means you get tired, it means with fear, I mean, whoever
sees it, he will die
slowly. Go, let's play rat. Imagine.
Let's go.  We get up and what did your sister see? We tell each other
what her dreams are about
eating, and I imagine that the bed net is
picking up on her name. The smell of Ramadan. A long time ago had a
smell about her. It is expensive. It is cod. More than the days of the
past. More than the last Ramadan. I saw how we were
last Ramadan. I cook it
with meat. Everyone who claims what is paid.  In it, as much as we used
to pay for
Ramadan, be silent like our sweet kitchen, our
sweet refrigerator, and a long table of 12 chairs,
our memories that are in it, oh how sweet they are, how
sweet they are, goodness and blessings are the oven we have, oh
God, this, oh lost one, is an oven
[music]
O listener, the Israeli army has raised the
level of readiness for operations.  The wilderness in Rafah
and the camps in the middle of the
Gaza Strip. Help me. Come on, take the small ihram.
[Music]
I go back on my bed, on my bed, on
my bed. I sleep in them, not in the tent
like this. Two days ago, at night, at night at night,
we woke up to this bombing and we found fire and
shrapnel and things. This is
nothing, nothing is
anything.  By God, there is nothing wrong with you
[music] I
went to a doctor and he told me that you are infected
with hepatitis because of the junk food
that you are
eating. I was hoping that before I
got sick, he would fulfill my dream and that he would complete the
Al-Nadhi project and the whole camp that I live
in.  And I will continue to attend until the illness
in me ends, and I will return until I complete my project. My brain is cramped.
[Music]
A lot of course. I lost things in the
war. My house, which all my memories are in, was destroyed.
This is the war that is happening in the metaphorical sense, and that
no one means to take into account the children of
Gaza. Of course, we ourselves are living.  Freely like the bugs of the
children of the world
[music]